platform: X
topic: Twitter-API-Enterprise
subtopic: Engagement API
file_path: /home/bhuang/nlp/rag-race-challenge2-2024/platform-docs-versions/X_Twitter-API-Enterprise/Engagement API.md
url: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api/enterprise/engagement-api/guides/selecting-engagement-endpoint


### Key concepts

There are several key concepts that help illustrate the different features of, and data provided by, the three Engagement API endpoints.  
 

#### Impressions and engagement metrics

Impressions represent the number of times that a given Tweet has been viewed on the Twitter platform in an organic context. Impressions generated from Tweets that are seen in a Promoted or Paid context are not included. Before the Engagement API, Tweet impressions represented only a measure of potential views. It was based on counting followers of the author’s account and those of any account Retweeting the content. It did not take into account the common situation when a given user does not actually see the Tweet.

The impression metrics generated by the Engagement API is an actual measure of the number of times a Tweet has been rendered for display. If a follower of your account misses your Tweet, it does not count as an impression.  

The Engagement API provides metrics on 14 unique engagement [metric types](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/overview#EngagementTypes), each representing a distinct action a user can take when presented a Tweet. These include Retweeting, Liking, Replying, clicking on entities like #hashtags, links and media, following the author, and viewing the author’s profile. All of these individual actions are rolled up into a single Engagements metric.  
  

#### Owned and unowned Twitter content

The Engagement makes a clear distinction between owned and unowned Tweets. Owned Tweets are Tweets that are posted from your account, or Tweets that you have obtained permission to request Engagement data for. As with other Twitter APIs, you obtain permission by having other Twitter users/accounts share access tokens that enable you to make API requests on their behalf. A common way to obtain these tokens is with the [‘Sign in with Twitter’ process](https://developer.twitter.com/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/log-in-with-twitter/login-in-with-twitter).  

The /totals endpoint provides engagement data for both owned and unowned Tweets. For unowned Tweets, you can request engagement metrics that are publicly available in a Tweet display: Favorite, Retweet, and Reply. For these metrics, what the Engagement API brings to the table is the ability to retrieve these metrics at scale in an automated way. For owned Tweets, the /totals endpoint also provides Impression and (total) Engagement metrics.  

The /28hr and /historical endpoints provide metrics for owned Tweets only, meaning that you have to pass along user context when making the request to these endpoints.  
  

#### Total and time-series engagement Data

The /totals endpoint provides, as its name implies, only grand totals for its engagement types. Its numbers represent the up-to-date totals since the Tweet was posted. If a Tweet was just posted and you repeatedly request its metrics, these totals will commonly change with each request.  

The /28hr and /historical endpoints can provide both grand totals and time-series data. When requesting time-series data, the engagement metrics can be rolled up into daily or hourly data.     

See our documentation on [engagement groupings](https://developer.twitter.com/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/guides/grouping-results) for how to request time-series data with the /28hr and /historical endpoints.