platform: X
topic: Twitter-API-V1
subtopic: Fundamentals
file_path: /home/bhuang/nlp/rag-race-challenge2-2024/platform-docs-versions/X_Twitter-API-V1/Fundamentals.md
url: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api/v1/rate-limits


### Rate limits and authentication method

Rate limits are set at both the developer App and the user access token levels:

* [OAuth 2.0 Bearer Token](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/oauth-2-0): per-developer App  
    All Twitter API v1.1 endpoints accept this authentication method, and therefore will limit you to only make a certain number of requests to endpoints on behalf of your developer app. When using this authentication method, rate limits are determined by the number of requests you make using a Bearer Token. If an endpoint allows for 450 requests per rate limit window, then you can make 450 requests per window on behalf of your App by passing a Bearer Token. This limit is considered completely separate from the OAuth 1.0a User Context limit.  
      
    
* [OAuth 1.0a User Context](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/oauth-1-0a): per-set of user access token  
    Tweet lookup and recent search allow for you to authenticate on behalf of a user. For example, if you would like to retrieve private metrics from Tweets, you would need to authenticate with the user tokens associated with that user, which can be generated by using the [3-legged OAuth flow](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/oauth-1-0a/obtaining-user-access-tokens). If ten users have authorized your developer App, and up to 900 requests per 15-minute interval can be made on behalf of each user, you should be able to make up to 9000 requests on behalf of these users. This limit is considered completely separate from per-application Bearer Token limits.   
    

**Please note  
**

Users' rate limits are shared across all apps that they have authorized and the Twitter application. For example, if a specific user likes 20 Tweets on the Twitter mobile application and likes 20 Tweets on a third-party application within a 24 hour period of time, the 40 requests would pull out of the same per user rate limit bucket. That means that if this endpoint has a user rate limit of 1,000 requests per 24 hours, then this user would be able to like 960 more Tweets within that 24 hour period of time across all Twitter and third-party apps.