platform: Linkedin
topic: API
subtopic: API
file_path: /home/bhuang/nlp/rag-race-challenge2-2024/platform-docs-versions/Linkedin_API/API.md
url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/linkedin/shared/api-guide/best-practices/secure-applications?context=linkedin%2Fcontext


## API Key and Secret Key

Two pieces of identifiable information are required to make calls to the LinkedIn API: `Client ID` (Consumer Key/API key) and `Client Secret`.

The Client ID is a public identifier of your application.  
The Client Secret is confidential and should only be used to authenticate your application and make requests to LinkedIn's APIs.

Both the Client ID and Client Secret are needed to confirm your application’s identity and it is critical that you do not expose your Client Secret. Follow these suggestions to keep the secret safe:

* Do not share your access tokens with anyone, and **do not** pass it in the URL when making API calls, or URI query-string parameters, or post in support forums, chat, etc.
* When creating a native mobile application, do not store it locally on a mobile device.
* Do not expose files such as JavaScript or HTML files in client-side code.
* Do not store it in files on a web server that can be viewed externally. For example, configuration files, include files, etc.
* Do not store it in log files or error messages.

Remember that when exchanging an OAuth 2.0 authorization code for an access token, `client_secret` is passed as part of the request. Make sure you **do not expose this request publicly!**